this is probably the best investment for
anyone who's thinking about becoming a
content creator it's the hollyland lar
M2 microphone kit and it fixes every
issue that I've ever had with normal
microphones for example this is the
really popular $300 DJI mic it's very
heavy so it needs a really strong magnet
it tugs on your shirt and it droops the
hollyland is $150 and9 G you just take
the back off and it very easily just
snaps to your shirt like that and it
just looks like a button oh and also it
actually comes with stickers in case you
decide you want to dozz it these work in
every single recording situation so if
you want to shoot something on a camera
plug this in and your audio will just
instantly start recording into that clip
that your camera is filming you want to
use these while recording a clip on your
phone you just slip the receiver in you
want two people to talk at the same time
you take one you give one to your friend
and Bulbs your uncle they use laser
antenni which means you can be standing
300 M away from your phone or camera and
it will still work the audio quality is
exceptional oh yeah 40 hours of battery
life